Wpb 17218 postgres external (#4698)
wireapp/wire-server: charts/postgresql-external/README.md

# PostgreSQL External Service Helm Chart

> This Helm chart creates headless Kubernetes Services with custom Endpoints to connect to external PostgreSQL instances in an HA configuration (one primary and multiple replicas).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Helm chart creates headless Kubernetes `Service`s with custom `Endpoint`s to connect to external PostgreSQL instances in an HA configuration (one primary and multiple replicas).
```
